Welcome to the [Black Magic Debug website](https://black-magic.org) sources.

Feel free to open issues and pull requests for this repository to add and
improve the Black Magic Debug project documentation.

## Technical overview

The page is a static autogenerated page using sphinx python documentation
generator. The resulting page is then deployed to github pages using github
actions.

All pages except the autogenerated code documentation are all written in
markdown using the myst_parser sphinx plugin.

## Structure

The page is divided into topic sections, autogenerated API documentation (TODO)
and a blog (TODO).

Each topic section is in it's own subdirectory.

## Local preview/testing

When you write contributions to the website you can autogenerate the page
locally on your own computer and preview it locally.

If you have python3 available on your system the process is fairly simple.

**fork the repository to your personal account**
If you want to contribute to the documentation it is probably a good idea to
[fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) the
black-magic-org github repository first.

**clone the website sources**
Now that you have a fork clone it and create a working branch.
```
git clone <path to your user>/black-magic-org
cd black-magic-org
git checkout -b feature/adding-more-docs
```
Note: Obviously `feature/adding-more-docs` is a placeholder. The should call it
something appropriate to your addition. The convention in black-magic is to use
`feature/` and `fix/` prefixes to the branch names to indicate what kind of an
addition this new work branch will be.

**create and activate venv**
This venv is local to the repository as it will be pretty specific to this
project.
```
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
```

**update pip**
```
pip install --upgrade pip
```

**install dependencies**
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

**start previewer**
We have a small script that starts a page preview server locally on your
machine.
```
$ python ./run_livereload.py
[I 200910 13:47:15 server:335] Serving on http://127.0.0.1:5500
[I 200910 13:47:15 handlers:62] Start watching changes
[I 200910 13:47:15 handlers:64] Start detecting changes
```

Now you can point your browser to http://127.0.0.1:5500, and you should see the
Black Magic Debug website.

**edit pages**
Now every time you edit one of the page markdown files the page will
automatically update.

Keep in mind that when you create a new page the live_preload does not always
pick it up, so you might have to restart it from time to time.

**contribute**
We are looking forward to your contributions! :D
